AKS extension update (#4886)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/developing-applications/integrations/Azure/azure-kubernetes-service-extension.md

weight: 4000
---

{{% alert title="Note" color="warning" %}}

> Advisory: Microsoft will be discontinuing the Dapr extension for AKS.

Reviewer: Suggest removing this. 
```suggestion
```

> Please be advised that Microsoft will be discontinuing the Dapr extension for AKS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Advisory: Microsoft will be discontinuing the Dapr extension for AKS.
```
